We made a note in `src/tandapay/styles-refactoring-workspace.md` which basically just contains the location of all of our styles for easy lookup, searching, and comparison. That file should give you a birdseye view for identifying opportunities for improvement

These are the guidelines for refactoring our stylesheets and some components throughout `src/tandapay`:
1. We want to identify any similar or duplicate styles across all of these stylesheets, and see if we can extract them to avoid violating DRY principles
2. We want to use the styling information to also identify potential components that can be extracted into `src/tandapay/components` -- one that stands out is closeButton -- it's used in multiple modals, but just rewritten (and maybe not even consistent across modals) -- but there may be others
3. We have some styles that are embedded within functions. Those are usually the ones which have themeData in the stylesheet. We need to separate those out of their functions and wrap them in StyleSheet.create, and remove the themeData attributes. themeData.dividerColor can be replaced with either QUARTER_COLOR or HALF_COLOR, and i believe it already is in some places. themeData.color is a foreground color, and when we use that, instead of embedding it directly in the stylesheet, we will say something like: `styles={[ourStyleSheet, {color: themeData.color}]}`
4. Styles that can be moved to src/tandapay/styles should be moved. Styles that are tightly coupled to an individual component can stay
5. All stylesheets should be wrapped in `StyleSheet.create` for performance and error handling reasons
6. Any time we have a spread operator being used to make inline styles (e.g., styles={{...someStyleSheet, someProp}}) we should replace those with array syntax (styles={[someStyleSheet, {someProp}]}) which will be better given that we'll be making cached stylesheets using stylesheet.create
7. If a component has both general styling that can be extracted and applied to multiple components, and specific styling that is only used in that component, we should separate them out into two stylesheets. The general styles can be moved to `src/tandapay/styles`, while the specific styles can remain in the component file. Use array syntax to combine them when using the styles in the component.
8. When we find two similar components that are used in different places, we should consider extracting them into a single component in `src/tandapay/components` and then using that component in both places. This will help us avoid code duplication and make it easier to maintain the codebase. When doing that, we should prioritize the style that is most commonly used or the one that is most simple.
9. When inline styles are used in components, we should replace them with styles from the stylesheets. This will help us maintain consistency and make it easier to change styles in the future. The only exception is when the inline style depends on a state value like themeData, in which case we should use array syntax to combine the styles.